The second part of the question is about the price of financial resources.
The top manager should know the price of financial resources for his company for the following reasons.
The first is that the price of the capital is the return on investment by investors in the company's activities.
The manager should anticipate possible changes in the price of shares depending on the expected return on investment and dividends.
In the first part of the question we discussed the situation of the price of the company's own capital.
The company can use both its own and borrowed capital as speculative capital.
It can buy shares at a low price and sell them at a high price after receiving positive dividends.
The second reason is the price of borrowed capital.
The price of borrowed capital is associated with the interest paid.
Therefore, it is necessary to choose the best option out of several options to attract investors.
If we look at the current situation of the financial market in Russia,
we can see that the interest rate in the currency is 5-6%.
However, banks say that you should borrow money from the bank.
Banks say that you should borrow in CHF, AUD or JPY from the bank.
This is due to the fact that these currencies are very conservative and do not change the rate in the least.
The interest rate in the currency is 5-6%.
Therefore, the top manager should assume that the price of the borrowed resources is associated with the interest paid.
The manager responsible for the loan policy of the company should propose solutions related to the best possible outcome.
The price of financial resources is one of the key factors in the analysis of investment projects and planning of the company's financial budget.
The price of money varies over different periods of time.
The price of the million dollars that we had in 2005-2006, when the average price was about 28.7 rubles per dollar,
is not comparable to the million dollars that we have now.
The price of money varies over different periods of time.
This is due to the fact that the interest rate in one currency is not associated with the interest paid.
The interest rate in one currency is not associated with the interest paid.
Investment projects related to the acquisition of new equipment and the launch of new production,
should take into account these factors.
If we consider the company's financial budget,
we should take into account the interest rate and the sources of loans.
This is the information on how the interest rate of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation changed from 2002 to 2007.
The interest rate fell from 25% per year to 10% per year on June 19, 2007.
The interest rate depends on the level of inflation in the country.
This is an achievement of the authorities and the regulatory body of money circulation in Russia,
the Central Bank of the Russian Federation.
The Central Bank of the Russian Federation is a commercial lending resource provided by a non-financial organization in the Russian market.
To date, on average, the loan rate of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation
is somewhere around 2% of the base rate of the Central Bank.
In the case of a loan, we are looking at the base rate of the Central Bank,
which signals us what will happen to the price of these resources in the next period of time.
When interacting with banks, we should take into account this dynamic.
In the case of a change in the rate of refinancing of the Central Bank,
the borrower has the right to claim a reduction in the interest rate,
and the bank has the right to increase the rate of the loan provided by the client.
The next slide shows the actual information provided by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation
on the interest rates of non-financial organizations, i.e. Russian enterprises, in 2007.
We see that the base rate of the Central Bank remains at the level of 9.5%, 10.1%, 10.2%, and 10.3%.
This is approximately the level of the Central Bank of Russia.
Commercial banks resell the resources they attract from the open financial markets,
primarily private deposits, at a 4-5% rate to non-financial organizations.
The dynamics are such that the money we deposit in banks can only be saved
based on the influence of inflation, but in no case can it be multiplied.
The interest rate on deposits today does not even reach the level of inflation that exists in the country today.
But at least it minimizes the losses of money that can be made
if the money is not deposited in a risky instrument.
Of course, for the current activities of enterprises, the acceptable rates,
and these interest rates can already be considered acceptable,
but in the year 2005, when the Central Bank rate was 210%,
all credit resources were usually equated to the dollar equivalent or allocated in currency.
The rates that we see today in the financial market allow companies
to plan their activities more effectively,
to direct the resources they attract with less risk,
both in increasing non-returnable assets and in increasing returnable funds,
and, of course, to provide effective support for the development of the company's business.
The next slide shows the average interest rates of commercial banks
and non-financial organizations and the population in the US dollar.
We see that the ruble rate for non-financial organizations is slightly lower,
on average, by about 1%, than the ruble equivalent.
But again, if we compare the situation with the past periods of time,
when the ruble rate was 210% and the currency rate was about 15-18%,
at that time, our enterprises were credited to the dollar equivalent of the commercial banks,
we see, of course, a positive dynamic.
The ruble strengthens its position, becomes a stable national currency,
and today, according to experts, the dollar component of the population accumulation
is less than 90 billion dollars.
These are rather modest figures compared to what the population of our country had before.
It turns out that the dollar is gradually being washed out and used only as a means of calculation,
or used as a calculation for everyday needs of the wealthy category of citizens.
In 2007, the population was credited to the currency by commercial banks
at a rate of 12.5-13.3%.
This is the most common price of credit resources
that can be used to attract companies to the economy
or to meet the needs of the private sector in Russia.
The Central Bank rate determines the commercial rates of loans in rubles and US dollars for the national economy.
Another promising way to attract additional financial resources
to the company's total capital,
as well as to the company's debt,
is to place corporate debt.
How effective is this option?
First of all, the company is focused on diversification of options for attracting financial resources.
On the other hand, it is potentially ready to give a certain amount of transparency to the company's economic operations,
so that the debtors are sure that the debtor's risk is acceptable and the debtor can pay off his or her debt.
The slide shows the characteristics of how to start placing corporate debt.
In particular, it is assumed that it is advisable to attract consultants
who can provide support in two main areas.
First of all, lawyers who register the issuance of documents to the Federal Financial Market Service.
The second part of the consultants are specialists of investment and banking units of large banks,
who are familiar with the standards of requirements of investors in the stock market for issued bonds,
and who can not only help the company prepare for the issuance of corporate bonds,
but also determine the most profitable and acceptable time period
when it is necessary to go to the stock market with the proposal of one's own debt obligations to the sale.
The next part of the consultants is the underwriter,
who is involved in the preparation of the so-called IPO.
The underwriter is a fund intermediary,
which is a co-financial partner of the company that issues corporate bonds.
The underwriter is a participant of the stock market.
According to the contract with the issuer,
he issues securities on behalf of the issuer.
The underwriter offers documents to the RAU-EES or RAU-Gazprom
on the RTS or MMVB platform and sells them on behalf of the RAU-EES.
In Russian practice, there are not rare cases when a pool or a group of underwriters is created,
consisting of three or four investment banks,
which organize the placement jointly.
This increases the size of the commission.
On the other hand, a pool of underwriters is a certain guarantee or a positive recommendation for the stock market,
when a serious company with a good business reputation offers debt obligations to a particular issuer.
The choice of an underwriter is one of the most important stages of the preparation of the corporate bonds issue,
because it is necessary not to make a mistake and take into account the experience of the current players of the underwriting market.
If we consider the results of the 2006 work in Russia,
11 billion dollars of corporate bonds were issued at the same time as corporate shares were placed on the Russian stock markets.
The company Troika Dialog is the leader in this regard.
The underwriting characteristics are described in the slide.
You can find a link to the underwriter rating on the website of the company and find out
what conditions and time it takes to prepare the bonds and what the cost of providing services can be.
The fund platform or the stock exchange is also involved in the preparation of the corporate bonds issue.
The stock exchange is the place of the trading organization when the securities are placed.
The stock exchange provides assistance to the players in the market,
provides information about the conditions and time it takes to prepare the bonds,
informs the players about the marketing of the bonds and the amount of the bond issued at the stock exchange.
There is an auction order to determine the price of the bond,
which allows the companies that imitate the corporate bonds to attract resources at a more optimal market price.
The slide shows a link to the Russian stock exchange,
where you can read the list of the participants of the auctions and conduct a selection analysis,
for example, on the industry aspect or the size of the business of the companies that imitated the corporate bonds.
You can also read the percentage of the shares that were placed by the companies that imitated the bonds.
The slide shows the number of shares that were placed by the companies that imitated the bonds.
If we consider the purpose of the placement of corporate bonds,
in order to minimize the volume of costs associated with the awarding of the underwriter and the stock exchange commission,
the threshold level of profitability and net profit of the company should be at least $20 million.
In this case, we say that the effect of the scale can be achieved,
and the volume of the economy on interest rates from the placement of corporate bonds will allow the underwriter to cover various commissions,
to pay the reward to the consultants,
to close the stock exchange commission on which the trading of corporate bonds took place.
In this case, if we have fewer business volumes,
it is more reasonable to use traditional methods of attracting additional financial resources as borrowed capital,
to work with commercial banks or to imitate the volume of VCSELs that can be made by each company
and that does not require the state registration of the Federal Service for Financial Markets.
In addition to the stock exchange and the underwriter, there are also the depositors, the registrar, the account depository and the account bank.
The next slide shows the approximate price level that implies the issuance of corporate bonds.
We can, accordingly, decide what costs should be incurred for registration of corporate bonds on the fund platform and for preparation of registration of the issuance of corporate bonds.
To compare, when considering the options of borrowing on the financial market,
the financial director must take into account that the bank transaction is closed
and regulated only by the contractual relations between the borrower and the bank.
At the same time, the company can get a lot of indirect benefits
in the case of choosing the option of placing corporate bonds.
The majority of investors who consider the feasibility of placing their free financial resources in corporate bonds
will get acquainted with the state of the company's business,
will recommend to their clients to buy these bonds or to buy these bonds on their behalf.
This will indirectly affect the growth of the recognition and therefore the growth of the business value.
The next slide shows the approximate price level that implies the issuance of corporate bonds on the fund platform.
In the case of placing shares, the law requires the existing shareholder to have the right to buy shares of a new issue for 45 days.
This is in the case when the issuer issues a share issue to the fund market
and within 45 days the current shareholder can buy this issue.
Another point is that the Russian legislation imposes restrictions on advertising of new issues until the date of their state registration.
However, the company can attract attention to its main activities
through various advertising methods, articles in the media,
and other media without mentioning the fact that the bonds are to be issued on the fund market.
For example, the central TV advertisement of the Kavdorsky GOKO
was published by the MDM group.
This ad might seem strange to the average person,
but it is a great source of information for the fund market participants.
The Federal Financial Markets Service is the successor of the Federal Commission on the Market of Corporate Bonds.
If we are talking about a list of documents that the Federal Financial Markets Service should submit,
we can find this information on the Federal Financial Markets Service's official website
or contact a consultant who provides the appropriate legal services for the preparation of corporate bonds.
The chart of the stages of the primary placement organization is shown on the slide.
The stages and the sequence of actions are shown.
The eighth point regarding the PR of the event is that
the support and information of the market,
and the information of potential buyers, who are the final buyers of securities, is carried out constantly.
This allows the market to prepare for the appropriate moment,
when it will be necessary to buy a volume of imitated securities,
or shares to increase its own capital, or bonds to increase its borrowed capital.
If you pay attention,
the information about the so-called national IPOs
on the Reserve Bank of the Russian Federation,
the Rosneft oil company, and the Vneshtorkbank
are measured from 12 months to 6 months,
when the market was informed about the event.
The IPO is scheduled for at least 125 days.
This is the maximum time required for the full preparation,
so that there are no shortcomings or shortcomings in the procedure.
As a rule, the preparation of this procedure takes at least one year,
when the first half is the pre-project or pre-processing procedure,
where all relevant documents must be prepared,
when the company must be set up to work in accordance with the requirements of the fund market for disclosure of information,
and be ready to jointly participate in the event from 1 to 12,
and to conduct the issuance of corporate bonds or shares of the company in a productive manner.
The choice of the scheme and the conditions for the placement of the funds.
Here we consider the issue of the money that we will receive
and the tactical or strategic tasks that the company will face.
The slide shows an example of the Russian trading system.
The conditions for the placement of the securities may vary depending on the primary placement choice,
when it is possible to place corporate bonds with preliminary deposit of money and securities,
or without preliminary deposit of money and securities.
The place of the accounting of securities may be in the accounting depository,
in the registrar's office or in another depository.
The order of determining the price of the securities placed,
the order of determining the price of securities placed at the auction.
The next slide shows the scheme of placing securities under the condition of preliminary deposit.
When investors transfer money to the accounting bank in advance,
the accounting bank makes payments between the participants of the trading platform
and the accountants of the trading platform.
There is no situation when you can buy more than you have left in the accounting bank.
This method is the most common and sometimes it is called the exchange method.
When the collected money is received by the issuer from the underwriter
and the accountant of the accounting bank makes a payment to the underwriter,
the participant or the buyer of securities at the trading platform of the corresponding volume,
either of corporate bonds or shares.
The next slide shows the scheme of placing securities under the condition of preliminary deposit.
In this case, we say that the seller must make a payment to the established date of payments.
The seller must reserve securities.
The buyer must reserve money from the accounting bank.
On the day of payments, the clearing center of the exchange checks the availability of securities and money
on both sides and, if necessary, gives instructions for simultaneous transfer of assets.
In this case, the situation is also excluded when either side does not fulfill its own obligations.
If we recall the situation in the mid-1990s,
there were many cases in the press when either side did not fulfill its own obligations
either on the delivery of securities or on the volume of financial funds
that the underwriter had to pay, and, accordingly, the issuer on the issued securities.
Today, such situations are practically excluded.
The scheme of placing securities under the condition of preliminary deposit can be implemented
when the buyer transfers money to the seller,
and then the seller gives the order to the investor to transfer securities.
The buyer is not in a favorable position,
because he first separates from his money and only then receives the securities.
At the same time, if there are free deals,
there may be various preferences related to the auction price of the securities placed
under conditions that the buyer can additionally negotiate with the issuer.
The dilemma is whether to choose a financial price or an auction.
What should the issuer choose for corporate bonds?
On the other hand, the issuer should choose a price that is guaranteed
that the volume of corporate bonds issued will be placed.
There are two ways to determine the price of the bonds issued.
On the one hand, there is a fixed price,
which is determined by the board of directors of the issuer company,
that is, the one that issues the debt.
The price does not change until the beginning of the deposit.
The second option is the auction price.
The price is determined during the auction.
At the moment, most deposits are made at certain prices in advance.
Few imitators with a developed market of their own securities
decide to hold auctions to determine the price of the bond.
The board of directors of the company may decide
whether to place a bet on the attracted financial resources.
If the bet is not higher than the expected value,
it is beneficial for the company.
it is not profitable for the company.
If the bet does not meet the expected value,
it is possible to use alternative ways to attract resources.
Accordingly, many companies go on a conservative path
to determine the fixed price.
At the same time, the auction is the prospect of the future.
It often happens that the market reacts
to interesting opportunities.
For example, investors compete
for the extensive growth of large companies
or for the growth of basic companies.
They compete for the purchase of securities
and are ready to provide a large amount of financial resources
to the guaranteed bond holders.
They are ready to buy these bonds
at extremely profitable prices
based on the minimum fee for the service
of the debt to the investors.
The technology of the IPO with a fixed price.
There are a large number of options
for determining the fixed price.
The price can be tied to an economic indicator
such as the oil barrel or the Trojan horse gold or silver.
A new price can be set every day
or this price can be determined
based on the preliminary claims of the buyer.
In the event of a price determination during the auction,
the value is unknown until the end of the auction.
Therefore, many Russian companies
choose the method of placing securities
based on a fixed price.
In the event of an auction,
when the company is focused on the possibility
or favorable conditions for placing its debt obligations
the following sequence of actions takes place.
The slide shows three main stages.
First of all, on the day of the initial placement,
potential buyers submit their own claims
to the trading system for the purchase of securities.
The trading system summarizes the applications
for the purchase and issues an underwriter
with the information on the price.
The underwriter with the imitator
on the basis of the summary register
determines the point of sale.
This is when the price corresponds
to the maximum amount of the involved funds.
At the same time, the underwriter
who has chosen the price
meets all the requirements of the application
at the same time.
In the event of an auction,
the value is unknown until the end of the auction.
The types of auctions are presented
on the slide.
There are three possible options.
The first option is based on the application
when the application can be limited
and the second option is market.
The market application is when the buyer
indicates only the amount he would like to spend
and the price is determined
by the market price.
The second option is when the application
is visible to all participants
or only to the underwriter with the imitator.
The third option is based on the application
when the application is limited
and the third option is based on the price.
In this case, we say that the price level
is determined and the applications are satisfied
based on the price of the application.
When the imitator determines the price
after the collection of all applications
and determines the average price.
To sum up, the debt capital has a value.
It is expressed in the service of the debt.
If we work with credit organizations,
it is connected with the payment of interest
to the banks that serve our debt.
If it concerns the issuance of corporate securities,
it is connected with the payment of interest
and the payment of interest
to the investor.
The second option is the level of profitability
which is either fixed by the imitator
combined with the underwriter
or is determined by the auction
for investors on the exchange platform.
Depending on the size of the borrower's business
you can choose a form of attracting borrowing resources.
The threshold value is $20 million
as a result of working for a financial year of net profit.
In the case that the company has not yet achieved such a figure
within the framework of its own strategy,
the recommendation to work with banks
is to diversify the credit portfolio
between several banks
and choose the most favorable conditions
for the banks that will give the most profitable rates,
terms of credit, and the amount of the renewed or non-renewed credit line.
If we have the opportunity to declare
net profit of more than $20 million
we can already claim more effective attraction
of financial resources from the stock market
when investors buy our debt
at lower rates than commercial interest rates
in the credit organizations,
in the banks that lend us.
From the point of view of placing debt on the stock market
we can already see that in addition to direct benefits
in relation to the possibility of cheaper attraction
we also get a lot of indirect or indirect benefits
due to the fact that the valuation of the business
can increase sharply.
For one simple objective reason,
the company must be transparent,
and the company must be able to provide
the necessary services to the company.
The third part of the questions
is about the money market.
I would like to draw your attention
to the slide where it is stated
that money is a commodity.
Depending on the macroeconomic conditions
the cost of money can be different.
At the same time, as historical examples,
we can draw such conclusions
that in post-war Germany
the inflation rate was up to 20,000% per year
and money was issued in huge quantities,
that is, there were cases
when people left their money carts outside
to go to the store and look at the prices.
When they left the store,
the money was on the roadside
and the cart was privatized or expropriated.
This is a hyperinflationary economy.
If the crisis is accompanied
by the need to issue additional
debts to the state,
which will lead to an increase
in inflation in two or three months,
the level of commercial loans will increase.
If the base rate of the central bank
is higher than the base rate of commercial loans,
the chain reaction to increase prices
for goods and services begins.
At the same time, financial instruments
are looking for a more stable base.
This is expressed in stable foreign currencies.
Therefore, the main factors
of the economic growth
of the Russian economy are the following.
First of all, we highlight the growth
of international investment ratings in Russia,
Russian issuers and their debt instruments.
The stability of the economy
over the past six years allows Western large investors
to predict the future profit of the Russian budget.
This means that the Russian economy
is becoming very attractive to investment.
Today, the US dollar is the largest
in the world, and the US dollar is the largest
in the world.
The US dollar is the largest
Today, American investors invest dollars
in the Russian economy.
The dollar is devalued, but is now converted
into rubles.
In addition to the declared profitability
of the fund market,
the Russian fund market
is also developing.
The euro is in a more conservative position
and the exchange rate is increasing.
The average exchange rate is 34 rubles per euro.
The Russian fund market is a very important
part of the Russian economy.
The Russian economy is a very important part of the Russian economy.
This is why the year 2006 was the year
when the Russian economy was the most invested in the world.
The Russian economy was the most invested in the world.
According to the estimates,
the Russian economy is worth $40-50 billion per year.
At this rate, no economy in the world
will be able to compete with the Russian economy.
If this trend persists for the next two or three years,
the Russian economy will be the most
invested in the world.
This will automatically reduce the cost of financial resources
for the borrowers in Russia.
The second objective factor is the reduction of risks
and the trust of Russian and international investors
in the debt.
Today, there are practically no corporate defaults
The market reacts very clearly to the reduction of prices
on financial resources due to the market's quality.
When the debt is imitated by conscientious borrowers,
there is an opportunity to work at an acceptable level of profitability
at the required quality level of the borrowers.
The year 2005 is considered the year
when the Russian debt market
entered a new level of quality.
This is due to the fact that foreign potential
has entered the Russian trading platforms.
This is why Russian companies have gained access
to foreign financial resources.
The next slide shows the main trends of the securities market.
We can predict that this trend will persist for the next three years.
First, it is a rapid increase in the number of issuances.
We are currently observing a very rapid and systematic
centralization of various groups of companies.
We can see the increase in shareholder capital
not only due to the current activities of individual companies,
but also due to the voluntary purchase of individual companies.
In addition, we can clearly see an increase
in the average volume of one issuance.
Today, the average volume of an issuance
is about $1.5 billion.
This means that companies place
bonds or issue additional shares
in this particular volume.
This means that the quality and volume
of the resources attracted to one conditional issuer increases.
In addition, we can see a decrease in the cost
of investing in the long-term market
due to the fact that the largest underwriters
are playing a role in the game.
Underwriters are participating in the institutional capital
through their subsidiary companies or directly.
This leads to a certain damping policy
in the area of pricing for obtaining a certain client field.
In the future, the cost of investing in the long-term market
will increase.
The most popular traditional banking
lending scheme is the second one,
the third one is the bond loan scheme,
and the fourth one is the IPO procedure.
Ideally, a Russian company
that is focused on diversification of loans
and corporate bonds should implement
all four methods of attracting financing.
Let's take a closer look at each of them.
The first condition is that we need to set
certain criteria or signs of choosing a credit source.
We can set four basic criteria.
The first one is the level of the loan.
The second one is the cost of financing.
This is the percentage of the loan.
The third one is the cost of the zero cycle
when we need to pay or bear the costs
related to the preparation of the deal.
The fourth one is the term of financing.
We see that the loan is not paid
and the financing period is increasing
over the last five years.
The Russian investors are increasing
the financing conditions
and the conditions are becoming
more and more similar to the Western standards.
The third criterion is the necessary
collateral.
This is the most acceptable way
to secure the loan.
The insurance companies are working
to ensure the risk of not paying the money.
In addition, various requirements
by informal but organized companies
are being met.
The financial group is based
on regional associations
and associations of entrepreneurs
with funds to provide
and develop their own members
through the provision of collective guarantees
and the organization of the financing
as the fourth criterion.
On the one hand,
depending on the type of financing,
the terms begin to acquire
the characteristics of the loan.
In the previous question,
I mentioned the financial group.
If we consider the relationship
with commercial banks,
many companies build measurable
processes of interaction with banks
to receive loans.
Therefore, the terms become clear
when and how to start negotiations
to get a possibility of either
re-lending or not allowing the cash flow.
The characteristics of a commercial bank
as one of the most common financing options
can be distinguished by the following advantages.
First, it is, of course,
a well-balanced interaction
with the service bank.
The bank usually knows the financial state of the borrower,
sees the cash flows that the borrower has,
the intensity of income and spending of funds,
the seasonality and characteristics
of the borrower's payment ability.
There is no requirement for the state registration
of such transactions,
i.e. non-public transactions between the loan organization
and the borrower.
What are the disadvantages?
First, small loans.
This is due to the fact that the bank
is not a public bank,
and the amount of net profit
that the borrower receives
is not known to the bank.
The bank declares the amount of net profit
to the credit committee,
and then to the monetary circulation department.
In comparison with other financial resource attraction options,
the bank loan has the biggest disadvantage,
namely, small loans.
First of all, these restrictions are introduced
by the Central Bank of the Russian Federation,
which regulates and strictly regulates
the methods of assessing the loan ability
of the borrower,
as well as the allocation of the reserve
to the various categories.
The average loan term is one year,
but today banks issue longer loans.
In addition, the need to pay
monthly interest payments
is also a problem.
In other cases, payments can be made
at the end of the term,
or in a quarterly manner.
High interest rates,
compared to what exists on the market
today, are an alternative way
to pay the loan.
However, today the bank loan
is the most common and safe
scheme of interaction
between banks and borrowers.
The characteristics of the exchange programs.
The first advantage is the possibility
of obtaining loans
through the issuance of VXLs.
At the same time,
there is no registration of VXL issuance.
This is a company's business
to issue VXLs at what time and on what conditions.
The third advantage is the absence
of a VXL issuance.
No one can regulate the amount
of VXLs issued in the company
except for shareholders.
The VXL program is often the preliminary stage
for preparing bonds.
When the VXL program is transferred
to the VXL-exchange,
the VXL-exchange provides
financial advice and intermediary services,
conducts a register of VXL issuance
and cancellation, controls the transfer
and can specify the organization
and time of transfer of VXLs,
and the number of transactions
that are made.
The VXL is a more liquid instrument
than a loan,
because the interaction between the VXL-giver
and the market
is much larger than a bank loan.
What are the disadvantages?
First of all,
it is necessary to conduct an expertise
on the authenticity and reliability
of the transfer chain in the VXL.
It is an extremely expensive,
complicated and difficult procedure.
The financial intermediary
is our future potential underwriter.
He looks at the undeclared and unregistered
volume of the issuance of these
debt obligations in a particular company
and can predict what will happen
to corporate bonds.
The second disadvantage is that
the VXL is the least secure instrument.
Since the VXL is issued in a documented form,
the documentation of the VXL
is often accompanied by a fake VXL.
When the VXL,
by all external signs,
is issued by a reliable company,
it can be a beautiful fake.
When the term of VXL cancellation
is not coincided with the date
in the VXL,
when one of the obligatory conditions
is not met,
when the signatures of the first parties
do not coincide with the date,
such VXLs are called bronze VXLs.
If we are going to issue VXLs
for the external environment,
we need consultations and support
from external experts and consultants.
The main advantage of the VXL
is the absence of the need
to pay interest.
By issuing the VXL,
we are voluntarily including
the VXL in the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The VXL is a good example
of how to make a decision
on the basis of the VXL.
The main disadvantage is
the openness of the company.
The company must make a lot of changes
related to capital investments.
The second disadvantage
is the capital waste.
We get a certain uncontrollability
when holding a shareholders' meeting.
We must consider the interests
of the minority.
Otherwise, they can paralyze
the company's work.
We must consider the interests
of the minority.
Let's see the main characteristics
of the VXL.
The VXL is not bound
to the stock market.
It is not bound to the ability
of the company to determine
the maximum amount of loans.
If the company declares
its own responsibility for loans
plus the affiliated responsibility
of the shareholders and other businesses,
the VXL will not be able
to issue large amounts of foreign financing
that will be the basis for increasing
the loan capital.
The VXL is able to issue
corporate bonds for a long period of time.
The VXL has a history of several decades.
If the VXL had a long history,
it would have been able
to borrow money for a long time.
The VXL must meet the requirements
for repaying coupons
or pre-payments for bonds.
At the same time,
the VXL must meet the requirements
for repaying loans.
The VXL must not have any real insurance.
The bonds are issued without any debt.
We do not transfer the bonds
to real estate.
They can be used as collateral
for the VXL.
Another advantage is the ability
to manage the size of the debt.
When the company can buy out
its own bonds on the market
on its own or through financial intermediaries,
it can minimize the amount
of debt that the company has.
The VXL must be transparent
and ready for capital spending
and for the state registration
of the VXL issuance.
The VXL must be ready for documents
and quarterly reports.
When we say that the company
receives long-term capital,
the money is always cheaper
if it is for a long time.
The company becomes disciplined
and takes responsibility
for the extended circle
of shareholders.
The company has the opportunity
to improve its image,
trust and investors' trust
will allow to increase
the amount of capital
needed for financing
the company's strategy.
The company has the opportunity
to enter the capital market.
This allows the company
to capitalize its value
on the capital market.
This is the case
for the London Fund,
and for the New York Fund.
The company's requirements.
The main requirements
for the company's performance
are the following.
The company must have
a highly qualified team
and a business model.
All the procedures
related to the organization
and the business processes
must be carried out
in accordance with the plan,
the budget,
the analysis of the results,
the decision-making on the deviation,
the adjustment of the company's development
course, and the change of the normative indicators
of the company's performance.
The company must be profitable.
This means that all the procedures
related to the increase of the cost
for the minimization of the tax on the profit
or the reduction of the part of the revenue
from the implementation
of the tax on the profit
must be carried out in accordance
with the plan.
The company must have
a strong financial control system.
This is due to the company's
qualification and performance
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
the standards of management accounting
and public accounting.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
The company must have
a strong financial control system
and the use of the management accounting
and financial controlling methodology
that will allow the company
to control the existing cash flow.
This will lead to the increase
of our own capital.
We do not reflect the obligations
that we have,
because we did not receive the documents
or to meet the standards set by the shareholders
in relation to our own capital.
The obligations may be wrongly classified
according to the term of the payment.
On the one hand,
we assume that we have an extension
according to the documents,
but on the other hand,
the requirements of the creditors
in accordance with the violations
of certain agreements
require us to pay more early.
At the same time,
we reflect our obligations
based on the documents.
The company has a potential
and we believe that it has a positive
financial potential.
We have an increasing investment
attractiveness compared to large companies.
They are old players in the market
with a conservative policy of attraction.
New players always use high level of attention
to the fact that we have a negative information
when we enter the open financial market.
Even if we had some contradictions
with the service banks,
this information was not included
in the specialized database.
The sources of information
are not reliable.
We are only a subject of positive information.
We may have a high potential growth.
This is also interesting for our investors.
We have a high level of profitability,
proven efficiency of the existing management system,
low systemic level of activity,
and visibility of our business.
We can clearly see where our place is in the market
and what is the share of our market.
We can consider the procedures
of working on new markets.
This means an additional increase
of business activity
and a growth of revenue from the implementation.
We have a potential of not using segments
of attracting financing,
primarily to reduce the cost of attracting resources.
At the same time, we have negative factors
that can negatively affect the potential of financing.
First, there is a lack of large-scale financing sources.
We are not sure how long it will take
to improve our financial situation.
We have to abandon hidden and opaque forms of financing.
If we have such a situation
and this information is released to the market,
we will immediately be in a position
to make a decision.
If this information is released to the market,
we will be on the list of potential unfavorable clients.
The market can react negatively.
The lack of disclosure of our credit history,
how we worked with the bank,
is not only negative but also positive.
The undervalued assets and business.
The market is not able to react to the limited time.
The low cost of clean assets
due to the undervalued assets in the company.
The lack of timely management systems
and accounting.
We did not have time and investment opportunities
to automate business activities.
The lack of transparency.
These are negative factors
that can negatively affect our financing.
The next slide shows the financing scheme
within the framework of the current plan.
The algorithm is that if there is an investment scheme,
we need a financing parameter.
Three main parameters are the time, amount and cost.
If we do not have an investment scheme,
the lack of an investment scheme
means the lack of a formalized strategy.
The financing goals of the company
can have either a design feature
or must be qualified
through the financing parameters,
the time, amount and cost of the loan.
In any case, we get a demand for the amount of funds
from the financing parameters.
We can have a positive cash flow
or a negative cash flow.
A positive cash flow is a situation
when the amount of money received
from the current activity can cover all current expenses.
A negative cash flow is a situation
when the flow of money from the current activity
is compensated by a loan or by receiving funds
from the sale of some assets.
A negative cash flow
is compensated by a loan.
At the same time, the financing parameters
suggest that we are focusing on a long-term repayment.
To achieve this,
we need to form a market
with information from the underwriter
or the bondsman that the emitter or the company
that issued the loan agreement
agrees to repay its debts in advance
without the underwriter's participation.
We use an auction scheme
to determine the cost of the loan
and the bond value.
We use an auction scheme
to determine the cost of the loan
and the bond value.
The next slide shows the main stages
of the bond issuance for corporate borrowers.
The first stage is the decision-making stage.
To do this, we need to determine the parameters of the bond.
In this case, we need to understand
whether we want to use the attractive financial resources
or whether we want to implement the investment part
within the framework of the company's strategy.
In this case, we need to clearly predict the volumes,
the deadlines and the technology of the work
related to the acquisition of new equipment
or the purchase of the necessary new land plots
or the construction of new production facilities
or the placement of new trading areas.
The parameters of the bond are the consequence
of the strategy of using the borrowed capital
within the framework of the company's activities.
The approval of the prospectus and the issuance of securities
should be detailed here.
The period of key debt issins
and permanent liabilities
is the period of key debt missions.
The period of key debt missions
The second stage of state registration of the debt missions
is the period of key debt missions.
The third stage of state registration of the debt missions
The fourth stage of software registration
includes registration of bonds
at individual banks in common use.
This is a procedure for placing bonds in the trading system.
The fifth stage is to form a report on the results of the issuance of a bond.
This report must be approved and registered by the Federal Financial Markets Service.
In addition, the information about the state registration of the report on the results of the issuance of a bond in the media must be disclosed.
The sixth stage of disclosure of information
involves quarterly reports of the issuer on the results of economic activity.
The seventh stage is to cancel the bond.
To summarize, the procedure for entering the debt market involves a serious organizational transformation within the company.
The company is forced to abandon some attractive, but not promising,
from the point of view of a public, open company, methods of financial activity.
At the same time, this is associated with the loss of conceivable or hidden profitability.
It is associated with the need to disclose economic activity,
to ensure transparency in the results of quarterly reports for third-party investors.
But as a result of these procedures, the most important thing is achieved.
The company starts to work on the value of its business.
The company is able to attract the maximum amount of funding to implement ambitious ideas and strategies.
Interestingly, if we consider closed or so-called non-public companies,
the large amount of managers' attention is often focused on regulating the management of so-called gray or legal operations.
If we consider the activities of public companies,
the requirements of the law in the area of tax evasion and disclosure of information are taken as a given.
The company understands that the main center of the manager's attention is the growth of business activity.
These are events aimed at increasing the revenue from the implementation as a financial result of business activity.
Managers focus their skills on the creative function of the company,
which in the end has a positive impact on the net profit,
which in the end has a positive impact on the growth of the company's value.
Therefore, if we are at the stage of the transition to the $20 million limit on net profit in the current financial year,
we can think about the effectiveness of further development.
We can continue to engage in the so-called non-public way of attracting funding and securing our own market positions.
In this case, we lose the most important thing.
We lose the sense of the expensive nature of our own business.
We lose the sense of self-sufficiency and the occupation of a certain place in the competitive environment of the open, civilized market.
Dear colleagues, today we have discussed the topic of the company's capital and its ways of formation.
Let me remind you that we have considered three areas of discussion.
The first area was about the source of finance, the second was about the price of financial resources,
and the third area was about the money market.
Let us try to summarize what we have discussed today.
First, the source of finance is the main way and main requirement for the development and support of any business of any business organization.
At the same time, it is considered a loss of business benefit when a company has the potential to promote its own products or services to the market,
but has a limitation on financing.
At the same time, we have discussed that the key factor that affects the efficiency of the company's operation and use of capital is the qualified staff, professionalism and experience of the company's leading employees.
We have also determined that there are two major groups of capital that any business organization uses in its activities.
These are its own capital and borrowed capital.
At the same time, we have discussed that in the case of the growth and development of the market,
when the demand for our products and services is increasing, when the volume of products and services produced by our company is increasing,
both in terms of the number of units, units of tons, units of units, in one order,
and prices are increasing at which we can sell our products in a favorable way,
companies are obliged and must use borrowed financial resources for extensive growth.
Borrowed capital gives the effect of a financial lever when the fee for its use and operation is small and immeasurably less than the net profit in absolute terms,
either in rubles or in dollars.
We have also discussed that if a company can and is able to use favorable market opportunities,
then the company's property complex increases in the conditions of the market growth due to the increase in its own capital,
and the increase in its own capital is achieved by the company's net profit,
by the company's increasing shareholding capital,
when the owners can make decisions about the additional volume of shares issued or the increase in the shares of the participants in the established capital,
when the capital can grow due to the increase in the share of borrowed capital.
We use short-term and long-term loans and loans of banks, financial organizations, investment companies
that are ready to buy our corporate bonds,
that are ready to use the capital of our company in their economic turnover,
that are ready to be the first-class borrowers, and many banks are willing to work with us.
It should also be noted that in addition to net profit as a result of the company's activities,
it is also necessary to work and provide maximum management control to the growth of the company's value.
The company's value will increase in the future due to the company's public support, openness and transparency.
On the one hand, this is a mandatory requirement of the market fund when placing bonds or when additional shares of our company are issued.
But the preparation for the opportunity to work in such conditions requires a certain amount of time and, most importantly, finance.
When a company has to structure its activities, when it is forced to avoid dubious financing options for its own activities,
when the company is guided by a long-term strategy of presence in the market.
In this case, investors react positively to the facts and results of the company's economic activities
and with great confidence and great pleasure acquire the company's debt obligations.
Regarding the money market, we said that it is always necessary to compare the possible ways of financing that the company has at its disposal.
We noted that companies can use traditional banking lending, release or issuance of their own bonds,
companies can use the release and issuance of their own shares as an alternative,
and the fourth option is the release and issuance of their own bonds.
When making a decision on the means or sources of financing that we will use to implement our own strategy,
the company must take into account all the pros and cons, all the characteristics,
the data on the four ways to attract capital for the implementation of the company's strategy of development.
Depending on the working conditions, the size of the business, the direction of the financing resources used,
we must build an element of the financial strategy as a management of capital.
The company's financial director and his financial and economic services, unfortunately,
cannot regulate or influence the performance of the business activity as a way to benefit from the implementation.
At the same time, the management of the company's expenses is a function of the financial and economic services.
If the company adopts optimization schemes for minimizing costs associated with increasing labor productivity,
diversification of types of loans and reducing the cost of maintenance of third-party loans,
and reducing the cost of maintenance to one unit of the company's production or service,
the company will achieve a net profit.
At the same time, the financial director will be powerless if the rate of the company's revenue drop
depends on the volume of sales in the natural indicators and the price at which the product or service is sold.
It is impossible for the financial director to regulate the rate of net profitability.
In this case, a collegial approach is necessary,
when the financial director can report the task of the shareholders
on the value or normative indicator of net profitability of sales and net profitability of assets.
This is regarding the topic of the company's capital and its way of formation.